Belis Aladag: Hello there.
Belis Aladag: How are you, Anna.
Annie McNulty: Drawing for the last few days.
Annie McNulty: Gotten this really bad a drunk driver hit her with like a huge ram truck and she got airlifted to this hospital.
Annie McNulty: So I rushed out here, but in doing so, I missed my
Annie McNulty: clinic appointment in couldn't refill then then every doctor was closed because of kovats so like it's just been crazy
Belis Aladag: I bet my God. Well, I'm glad you're here. I'm so sorry to hear about your sister. Is she okay now, and she stable.
Annie McNulty: She's okay yeah and her legs intercept pelvis and arms are like shattered. But other than that she's okay
Belis Aladag: Well,
Belis Aladag: You know I'm driver, USA.
Annie McNulty: Yeah, and it was an ex homicide detective.
Belis Aladag: Oh my god you
Annie McNulty: Think it nobody
Belis Aladag: Yeah. All right.
Oh,
Belis Aladag: She was driving as well.
Annie McNulty: Yes, she was driving the other car so he hit or miss. Oh.
Belis Aladag: Anyway, so here we are.
Belis Aladag: Yeah, so, so I see, so I'm Dr. Allah DAG.
Belis Aladag: And high and I'm happy happy that we can like work together.
Annie McNulty: Yeah, me to leave. You have no idea.
Belis Aladag: You know, it's such a strange thing you know I'm new to tell them medicine to I just left my in person practice. And I was like, I think telemedicine future and people
Belis Aladag: Yeah, well, maybe I'm not sure. And then this coronavirus like oh my god it is
Annie McNulty: Perfect timing.
Belis Aladag: So it's perfect timing. So, um, so what I did was I tried to that there's a database that we look at what's called cures in California and that we can look at to see how what prescriptions, you were given in the last year, whatever that were controlled substances.
Annie McNulty: Mm hmm.
Belis Aladag: And I saw that you had a prescription for you had to prescriptions one was for the four milligram films of Suboxone right on the
Belis Aladag: Seventh of January and then you've got another one like 10 days later, you got an eight milligram film one. Tell me about that. And that was through a pristine Hawkins.
Annie McNulty: Yeah, so that was that Betty Ford. That was my doctor Betty Ford. And the reason that she gave me the two different
Annie McNulty: Amounts was my plan was to enter sober living where I wasn't going to be allowed to be on it. So I was gonna have the different amounts so that I could tie treat myself when I left ready for
Annie McNulty: But then I had a court date. The next day after leaving for a really old case that I thought was gonna resolve like probation, but it resolved, like some jail time. So,
Annie McNulty: I went to jail for two or three weeks. I don't remember. And they continued me on eight milligrams there because I never, you know, I never
Annie McNulty: Traded and then when I got out. I'm the same with my sister had happened the day before. So I came straight out here and it's going to be at least a couple months now, so I can enter that sober living because they filled up so
Annie McNulty: I'm just gonna, I'm hoping I can just do maintenance. Until then, because I don't want to relax. No.
Belis Aladag: No and and you know we're not in a hurry. I mean, we can totally taper you off very, very slowly. You know, we could go a milligram at a time, one
Belis Aladag: Yeah, you know, that kind of thing. That's what I
Annie McNulty: Yeah, cuz my I use when I took it last year was the first time I tried Suboxone and I took, he only prescribed me for at the start, and I stayed on for for like a month and then we went for to zero. And then I read that steak immediately. So I just don't want to do it like that, this time.
Belis Aladag: Yeah, let's not do that. So we
Annie McNulty: Yeah.
Belis Aladag: We saw that that didn't work so well we so we will taper you that's ultimately and great goal to get you off, of course.
Belis Aladag: Yeah, but we're not in any hurry will use it while we while we need to to stabilize. There's so much going on in your life right now. Right.
Belis Aladag: Yeah. When you say you're here. Where are you, where are you saying
Annie McNulty: I'm, I'm saying at the hospital, my dad. He has like a camper pop up then. So we're just sleeping in it in the parking lot, for the time being.
Annie McNulty: Like right now I don't know if I can. Oops, I was in tried turn the camera around. Anyway, I'm like in the chapel of the hospital because it was the most empty why
Annie McNulty: Am I so you're at. So what hospital is it
Annie McNulty: Loma Linda
Belis Aladag: Oh, you're in Loma Linda
Annie McNulty: Mm hmm.
Belis Aladag: Oh my goodness. So you're with your dad in a camper like trying to support your sister.
Annie McNulty: Yeah, it's kind of crazy. I wish he would just get a hotel. But he's really into like kids camper van life. He just retired.
Belis Aladag: What we're doing, that's fine.
Belis Aladag: Yeah okay, I see. So for now, you're with dad. Okay, that's good. I'm telling me about speaking of Dad tell me about any family history of you've mentioned your sister, your dad like anyone have any substance use disorders mental illness.
Annie McNulty: So I'm neither my mom and dad have substance abuse disorders. But both of their parents are Irish and
Annie McNulty: Pretty much everyone like from my grandparents on on in my genealogy have had substances like alcohol have been alcoholics undiagnosed. Probably because that wasn't so much of a thing. Then, especially if you live in Ireland but yeah and then
Annie McNulty: My dad, I don't really know what goes on with them mentally. He doesn't talk about it. But man, he has five siblings and his younger brother is a meth addict, who's been homeless for like the last 20 years
Annie McNulty: Yeah, I'm from my mom, she struggles with anxiety, a lot in her mom with anxiety and depression. A lot. Okay.
Belis Aladag: And the alcoholics, the grandparents that were alcoholics. You were referring to mainly the men. The Grandpa.
Belis Aladag: Yeah. Gotcha. Okay. Okay. Thank you and your sister. Besides, this is your only sister or do you have other siblings.
Annie McNulty: Yeah, I have a sister and a brother and my sisters two years older than me, my brother's four years older than me.
Belis Aladag: And they're healthy otherwise.
Annie McNulty: Other than this.
Annie McNulty: Yeah, they smoke a lot of lean, but I wouldn't call it an addiction.
Belis Aladag: Okay. So speaking of weed or other things. Alcohol weed. Are you using any of these substances now.
Annie McNulty: No, I'm doing a program so
Annie McNulty: Okay, got the whole no substances at all things.
Belis Aladag: All thing going.
Belis Aladag: Okay, yeah. And it sounds so it sounds like since you entered Betty Ford, you've been following that, yeah.
Belis Aladag: Yeah, when, when did you enter buddy for you.
Annie McNulty: On December 31
Belis Aladag: December 31
Annie McNulty: And that was like my sixth time getting sober.
Belis Aladag: Okay, tell me about the previous five times what, what did you do, was it also residential like whoa.
Annie McNulty: Yeah, I did. Residential three other times.
Annie McNulty: And then some of her for other times some of those I graduated, some I didn't, about half and half.
Annie McNulty: Okay, and then the ones that I graduated I went straight to sober living in the that usually didn't work out really nothing worked for me until
Annie McNulty: Betty Ford this time. And the way that they did their medication management and the way that they approach Suboxone she's made things like a way different for me.
Belis Aladag: Thank God.
Annie McNulty: Yeah.
Belis Aladag: The previous times, you are not really offered maintenance. Was it more
Annie McNulty: LINO it wasn't allowed
Annie McNulty: More and more places are allowing it now.
Belis Aladag: Thank goodness, you know,
Belis Aladag: See that it's a it's such a
Belis Aladag: Such a help.
Belis Aladag: You know, it's so helpful. It's crazy. It's like my
Annie McNulty: Night. I have a lot of like I get a lot of anxiety. He usually to like in high school I got diagnosed with anxiety disorder and then bipolar when I went to my first rehab.
Annie McNulty: One of them diagnose me a schizo effective that the more I read about it, that didn't really make sense for me. So, okay, um, anyways, yeah it's helped with all my like anxieties and move stuff to
Annie McNulty: Just feels like it helps everything
Belis Aladag: Oh, thank goodness.
Annie McNulty: Yeah, I take Lamictal to them now. Oh.
Belis Aladag: OK for the bipolar.
Belis Aladag: Yeah okay, who gives you Lamictal. Do you have a psychiatrist or
Annie McNulty: So Betty Ford gave me it and I still have a lot because in jail. They wouldn't give me it so I still have like most of the prescription. They gave me when I left and I
Annie McNulty: Am because when I got out, I got out like two weeks ago, I didn't want to start back up at 200, which is what I had it because I know you're not supposed to do that with it. So I started at 15 and I have been going up by 50 every week.
Belis Aladag: Okay 50 tied trading weekly. So where you're at now.
Annie McNulty: I'm not
Belis Aladag: 100 100 okay
Belis Aladag: But you're you're sweet those was 200 you felt comfortable at that
Annie McNulty: Yeah 200 was really good.
Belis Aladag: Okay, so that's what you're working towards over the next couple of weeks.
Belis Aladag: Yeah, and you have enough for now.
Annie McNulty: Yeah.
Belis Aladag: So what we could do is
Belis Aladag: If you like this.
Belis Aladag: We can have a psychiatrist in our system and be in
Belis Aladag: Unified hard health also be able to talk to you like this and give you a manage the Lamictal.
Annie McNulty: Yeah, that'd be awesome.
Belis Aladag: So that you don't you know I'm so you're not on your own.
Belis Aladag: Bad and yeah
Annie McNulty: Running out. Yeah. Right. Yeah. I wasn't sure if I should just like try to tie treat myself up without the use of this, I can just say, no, it's probably advised against
Annie McNulty: But I really missed this stability. So I just did it anyways.
Belis Aladag: Okay.
Belis Aladag: So let me do this if it's okay by you all write a
Belis Aladag: Note to the team. The virtual care team like when you log in. There's those care coordinators and I can ask that they help hook you up with a psychiatry appointment in the near future.
Belis Aladag: Over the next week or two, or something so that you can talk about this tight ration you're doing
Annie McNulty: Yeah, the awesome
Belis Aladag: Okay.
Belis Aladag: For the portfolio and then the skin so active yeah you maybe you can talk to the psychiatrist about that diagnosis.
Annie McNulty: Yeah.
Belis Aladag: In a ring true for you.
Annie McNulty: But I read a lot about it, and it seemed like there was this thing. The main thing that like I was
Annie McNulty: I was thinking that didn't feel right when I was reading all the symptoms but I read a few articles that mentioned that you can't have it. You don't have much fish like the hallmark symptom is not having a lot of facial aspects and so that definitely would make sense.
Belis Aladag: Yeah, I can see your face.
Belis Aladag: You have visual effects. Yeah.
Belis Aladag: Yeah. So yeah, asked. I think it'll be good for you to have established here with a good psychiatrist.
Annie McNulty: Yeah.
Belis Aladag: Let's ask for that for those guys and also the anxiety, if you want, but it sounds like things. It was kind of like very mild and it was it's now managed now that you're staying
Belis Aladag: Up on Suboxone
Annie McNulty: Yeah, I used to say Klonopin in high school. And I think that led to a lot of my addiction stuff sounds
Belis Aladag: Good, because that can that is an addictive substance and
Annie McNulty: Yeah, and
Annie McNulty: Some hey I have censored that it's a really crazy amount, but the subconscious that in high school, put me on four milligrams a day. And that was just that and like, now that I've gone to recovery meetings. People are like, that's a huge amount
Belis Aladag: For a high schooler just
Belis Aladag: Wow.
Annie McNulty: Yeah, I was so tired all the time, makes sense now.
Belis Aladag: It makes sense.
Belis Aladag: Okay, yeah, that was in high school. You were like 1516 or younger.
Yeah.
Belis Aladag: That's when okay you were placed on that because you were going and saying you have anxiety.
Belis Aladag: Yeah. Um, did you feel like you were asking for early refills or anything. Pretty quickly or or
Annie McNulty: Um,
Annie McNulty: I think so. He started me on. We started me on one then went to, um, he because he started me on one being like, we're going to go up. I don't think that'll be there and what few someone to do and then we
Annie McNulty: Went to four. And by the time I haven't been on for for a few months. Like, I found that I ran out of it really fast.
Belis Aladag: I see, yeah.
Annie McNulty: Yeah, and I didn't really understand addiction. Then at all. So I didn't think
Annie McNulty: Anything of it much except that like I missed it, when it was gone.
Annie McNulty: Yeah.
Belis Aladag: So I'm going to say for the record that you have a history, you have, it's in. It's in remission so
Belis Aladag: Yeah mission but that you have a sedative use disorder as well, you know, because that's kind of how it all started. You didn't realize it.
Belis Aladag: Yeah, it just circumstances led you to have that
Belis Aladag: Maybe was mild. Maybe it was moderate so to abuse disorder.
Belis Aladag: But it's in remission, you haven't had any any benzodiazepine or sedative in how long now I hear
Annie McNulty: You when I would relapse say sometimes would find some so
Annie McNulty: Yeah, actually, like, a year.
Annie McNulty: Yeah, okay.
Belis Aladag: Okay. All right, good. So, so it's important for you to note that because you have an opioid use disorder, but you also have a sedative use disorder. So just for your own sake, safe and careful in the future if you know life's ups and downs. It's
Belis Aladag: Goodbye, like, okay, that's not a safe substance for me or
Belis Aladag: You have to use it under a certain certain circumstance for medical reasons, the doctors like advising I can be open and say, I actually had a problem with that, but
Belis Aladag: Let's be careful and give me small amount, whatever it is. Right.
Annie McNulty: Right, yeah.
Belis Aladag: Okay, and any other you mentioned we your sister and brothers took a lot of weed. Do you have a history with that or you don't get any more sense and
Annie McNulty: As like a small history. I never really abused it, but I'm not smoking anymore.
Belis Aladag: Okay, okay, and no other substances.
Annie McNulty: No, I'll call is never really my thing. Once I started doing heroin. It was just like anyone do anything else really so
Annie McNulty: Okay, unless I couldn't find it.
Annie McNulty: Like really, I didn't have any other issues. I tried method couple times, but it made me really crazy
Belis Aladag: Yeah yeah okay but the heroin. So let's talk about that. How did you get to heroin. Was it fills.
Belis Aladag: Or what yes
Annie McNulty: So I have tried fills it but I'm me. I'm really and in high school I was really interested in, like metropark thick and I Vedic medicine. I like worked at this medicinal tea shop and
Annie McNulty: I was taking these online classes like learning how to make tinctures, you know, all that kind of stuff. And so
Annie McNulty: I mean, at the time I was looking at college degrees ended up getting into some the deciding to travel. Instead, but
Annie McNulty: I like found ethno bought me as the degree, like the relationship between people lens. And that was just like, fascinating.
Annie McNulty: And I was having at that same time, like a lot of big relationship with psychedelics like I loved psychedelics, I grew my mushrooms and synthesize GMT from like the YouTube tutorial.
Belis Aladag: And then
Annie McNulty: I like to read. Also, so I read this like paper on the psychoactive effects of opium and I read that you could buy the poppies online.
Annie McNulty: So I did and I grew some and I dried out the pods and bundle them into this tea like opium tea and I was drinking that and then I was drinking that like all the time and I ran out of pods and
Annie McNulty: That was that, but it was like a year and a half later, I had a really, really close friend died, and I was just having like a horrible time mentally
Annie McNulty: I wasn't seeing a therapist or anything at that time. And I remembered like the comfort that the TF given me but I didn't want to like grow it. I just like went out and found heroin, for the first time.
Belis Aladag: Did you smoke it or
Annie McNulty: At first, and then I started using intravenously.
Okay.
Belis Aladag: And tell me about your friends. How old were you when this happened.
Annie McNulty: When you're fine. I was tool underneath.
Annie McNulty: 20
Belis Aladag: You were 20 and what happened to your friend.
Annie McNulty: And she got murdered, she was living in. Yeah, in the Bay Area and some guy had like a psychotic break. She was like my closest friend ever
Annie McNulty: Growing up, and then some guy had like a psychotic break and he didn't know where he then he just like knocked on her door at 2pm and they like stabbed or 18 times
Annie McNulty: Oh my god, it's crazy.
Annie McNulty: It was like it was just such a surprise because it was like, it's just didn't expect that at all. You know,
Belis Aladag: Okay, watch. So that's talking and really hard and
Belis Aladag: You're the same age. Yeah.
Belis Aladag: So, so that was really a shock and like you said you didn't have a therapist or anything, and
Annie McNulty: Yeah, and I've never really had someone like I had had relatives diamond like a friend because I've done. I was doing opiates for so long. Now I've had a lot of friends day, but that was like the first. Yeah.
Belis Aladag: So Bay Area. So that's where you were living
Annie McNulty: Like so. No.
Annie McNulty: She was living there. I had just got back from Columbia in Columbia for like a year.
Belis Aladag: Oh, okay. That's so interesting.
Belis Aladag: And then you're doing botany stuff and
Annie McNulty: Yeah.
Annie McNulty: All this to go to the Amazon. So I saved up some money just slow down, they
Belis Aladag: Did you live with like a shaman.
Annie McNulty: Or any. Yes, I was doing. I asked a lot of my Oscar.
Annie McNulty: Yeah.
Annie McNulty: No, it's cool.
Belis Aladag: Amazing.
Belis Aladag: And now you're on the other side and things, hopefully will stabilize. So you can start writing or talking about
Annie McNulty: Me. Yeah, I want to go to college for just about any to stabilize a little more
Annie McNulty: Yeah, and there were a few 10s and my addiction that I because I still really
Annie McNulty: was fascinated by all that and wanted to get my degree. I mean, I want to live in Colombia alone. The reason I came back was to get my degree so
Annie McNulty: I kept signing up for community college and then just completely not jumping not not withdrawing from my classes, but just not going. So now I have gonna have to correct that school record. It's gonna be kind of hard.
Belis Aladag: Yeah yeah
Annie McNulty: Normally I do really well in school, but I was just like, not in my head. You
Belis Aladag: Yeah, it's tough to focus when you've got
Belis Aladag: Your head. Yeah.
Annie McNulty: I'm a good writer so I could write an essay explaining all that if it comes to it.
Belis Aladag: Yeah.
Belis Aladag: That'd be good. Oh, I'm so excited for you for the future, you know,
Belis Aladag: Just such a interesting, you know, unique experiences, you know, living in Colombia and like
Belis Aladag: Yeah, these things. I mean, that's very, very powerful. And guess what, you know,
Belis Aladag: Kind of ahead of your time because
Belis Aladag: Now I don't know if you know, but there's this huge
Belis Aladag: breakthrough in the research world.
Belis Aladag: Of billions psychedelics are coming back.
Annie McNulty: Yeah, I read all about all that. Like it was my dream in high school to work for maps the multicultural Association for yeah and I still that's still my dream. Really, and then to like write and speak about all that kind of stuff.
Annie McNulty: I was, for me it was like night and day. It helps me so much with my mental health.
Annie McNulty: Then like finding out who I was and all that. Wow.
Annie McNulty: Amazing. Wow.
Belis Aladag: I'm really, really, really excited for you on that and
Belis Aladag: Thanks to be part of this journey.
Belis Aladag: Just to get you your football, you know, and it's
Belis Aladag: Yeah, flies, you know, hopefully, the world is going to calm down your world is going to calm down and then you can continue on your path of getting your degree and what you want to do.
Belis Aladag: Yeah so. Okay, so then we were at the heroin thing. So this was in Southern California, then
Annie McNulty: Um, I was, I just thought I was in humble then swimmingly yeah I came back I was broke. So I went there to work the trim season.
Annie McNulty: Yeah.
Belis Aladag: Okay, so that's where that was happening. And then so you were 20. And how old are you now 2323. Okay, so this is all three years ago.
Belis Aladag: Yeah, and then
Belis Aladag: In those three years were you going into these other residential
Annie McNulty: Yeah, I was trying. I really wanted to be sober, but I just couldn't do it like the last three years, nothing has happened, except like as mental relax streets and residential relapse streets like, that's it.
Belis Aladag: It's
Annie McNulty: Crazy to look back, I really feel like in a big part of my life makes me sad. But once I started doing stuff. And I'll feel better about it.
Belis Aladag: Exactly, exactly. You're going to be okay. And you know what it was a journey of three years of it sounds like real rough times and trying but falling down and trying and not finding the right thing and then finally you you found the right thing.
Annie McNulty: Yeah.
Belis Aladag: And you're on it and now we're proceeding, we're moving forward outside
Belis Aladag: You know, moving away from like being an intensive residential treatment. I like the fact that you're still thinking. Once you can stabilize and find a place to live. It should be a sober living
Annie McNulty: I like the app.
Belis Aladag: For you. I think that'll give you structure and like just accountability.
Annie McNulty: Yeah, exactly. That's what I mean.
Belis Aladag: You know, it's good to be free. But, you know, sometimes it comes out a big price and you you live.
Belis Aladag: A free life for so long. Now, you know, it's time to kind of baby step your way into that, again, you know,
Annie McNulty: Right, right.
Belis Aladag: Right, okay.
Annie McNulty: I'll be free again like
Belis Aladag: Very so you're already kind of free, you're just kind of putting these these. What's the word training wheels around you, a little bit.
Belis Aladag: Until you right then those two
Annie McNulty: Sorry, I have to find an outlet
Belis Aladag: Okay, suicidal ideation, I'd have to ask about this just to rule out any high risk situation.
Belis Aladag: Do you feel like, Have you had a history of suicide attempts, or
I'm
Annie McNulty: Sorry, I'm a little tingle don't set
Annie McNulty: all tangled up in my head.
Annie McNulty: Okay, um,
Annie McNulty: No, no.
Annie McNulty: No, I mean I think about it.
Annie McNulty: Like I mean about death a lot, and I've like thought about suicide, but not in a way where I wanted to do it. I just kind of gauging
Belis Aladag: OK. OK.
Belis Aladag: No, no attempts. No, no risk of that right now.
Yeah.
Belis Aladag: Um,
Belis Aladag: We talked about a lot of stuff. Oh, medical history, have you had any surgeries or any medical history, we should jot down
Annie McNulty: Just overdoses.
Belis Aladag: overdoses. Okay.
Annie McNulty: I couldn't tell you when. But I have overdosed six times.
Belis Aladag: Six times in the last three years.
Belis Aladag: Mm hmm. Wow.
Yeah.
Belis Aladag: Thank God you're here with us.
Annie McNulty: Yeah, I know.
Belis Aladag: So speaking of which, so when I'm going to prescribe the Suboxone film is it film that you prefer, or do you
Annie McNulty: Have now a child, the other one.
Annie McNulty: I've just been on film.
Belis Aladag: If your insurance is covering it and you're comfortable with it will just go with what's been working
Belis Aladag: Yeah, but if there's a need to change the tablet. It's actually the same thing. Maybe it dissolves, a little differently, but it's still. Same thing under the tongue and stuff like that. But for
Belis Aladag: Now I'll order what you were used to write the eight milligram film.
Belis Aladag: Yeah, and
Belis Aladag: So we'll do that. And then I'll also order Narcan so you have that
Annie McNulty: I have to
Annie McNulty: But I'll take another one.
Belis Aladag: For sure. I mean, it doesn't hurt right like
Belis Aladag: Yeah, as you know you already probably know like you can use it on other people. Like if someone's passing
Annie McNulty: That
Know why
Belis Aladag: You try to wake on, they don't. It won't hurt them. If you try to spread this in their nostrils. Let's say it's not an opioid overdose. Will they just won't come back but it won't hurt them.
Annie McNulty: Okay, yeah. Yeah, that's great idea.
Belis Aladag: You know, and then you should always call 911
Belis Aladag: Because yeah reversible it reverses you for like half an hour. But then you can switch that
Annie McNulty: Up in the friends, where they are, because they're in our kin. They're fun and then they passed out again.
Belis Aladag: Who you've seen it.
Annie McNulty: Oh, yeah, yeah.
Belis Aladag: Oh my gosh.
Belis Aladag: Okay, I'm review of systems. I'll just run through quickly, you tell me if anything. Sounds like yeah I have this any fever, night sweats chills.
Annie McNulty: Right now. Yeah. Cuz I've been out of my
Annie McNulty: Yeah.
Over the weekend.
Belis Aladag: For your last Sunday.
Annie McNulty: And Saturday.
Belis Aladag: Saturday. Oh my gosh. Let's get you connected right away.
Annie McNulty: Yeah, it's really hard.
Belis Aladag: Oh my god. Okay.
Belis Aladag: Well, I'm going to call it in as soon as we're done here. Are you going into them the Loma Linda pharmacy, I guess.
Annie McNulty: Um, I was gonna go to the righted like across the street from here because she's at the rehab will now.
Annie McNulty: But I can give you the address. Okay.
Belis Aladag: Yeah, did they get this information from you already
Annie McNulty: I think so, you can check, though. Let me check, check.
Belis Aladag: Anna, do you go by, Annie.
Annie McNulty: Yeah, okay.
Belis Aladag: All right, so
Belis Aladag: Um, let's see, medication.
Belis Aladag: Note, we're going to do.
Belis Aladag: This and then we're going to do medications for you.
Okay.
Belis Aladag: Prescription
We're gonna do
Belis Aladag: We're gonna do Suboxone
Belis Aladag: And it's just you just do a milligram a day. Right.
Belis Aladag: Okay.
Belis Aladag: Yeah, it looks like riding on Barton road.
Belis Aladag: Yeah. Okay, perfect.
Belis Aladag: Yeah, good, good. So I can do that for you.
Annie McNulty: Thank you, that's naturally and then know like how all this works, and then need another appointment or what
Annie McNulty: The God I just
Belis Aladag: Surely, firstly, I know the road.
Annie McNulty: I just been a jolly and then I called 16 offices and it was either they didn't take my insurance or
Annie McNulty: They were closing or they don't take any insurance at all. It was just crazy. Oh god, I'm so glad. How did you find this just online.
Belis Aladag: Okay.
Annie McNulty: Yeah, it shows to you guys as being like a doctor's office like an hour away from here.
Annie McNulty: But then I called in. They were like, we're
Wrong.
Belis Aladag: We're closer than that.
Annie McNulty: Yeah, exactly. Yeah.
Annie McNulty: Take the bus.
Belis Aladag: This is so much better. Okay, good. So dissolve one film under tongue daily. I'm going to give you. So would you feel comfortable. Joining me in a group session where we just check in and say, Hey, how's it going. Is everybody okay what they're doing.
Belis Aladag: And so, so that's kind of how we want to do refills. So for now, we're thinking of starting not this Thursday, but next Thursday the 26th at 4pm
Annie McNulty: Cool, thanks for me.
Belis Aladag: If that works. So what I'll do is I'll give you enough to cover you through then like I think it's nine or 10 days forth
Annie McNulty: Okay.
Belis Aladag: Let me do that.
Belis Aladag: Give you 10 just to give you a little extra cushion, just in case.
Thinking
Belis Aladag: If anything happens, you know, just call that virtual clinic. Now you have that number that's
Belis Aladag: Yes. Okay, so that is 24 hours I think 24 seven so you can call and, you know, just check in with them and say, Hey, I didn't get this. I didn't get that any problems with your medication anything
Belis Aladag: You can do. Okay.
Annie McNulty: Thank you.
Belis Aladag: So I'm going to do that. Okay, Ellen Brown validate. I'm just ordering it while we speak so you can
Belis Aladag: OK, so now
Belis Aladag: It will send you a coupon even
Belis Aladag: Be good. Okay, let's see.
Belis Aladag: Do you have any questions for me or anything else.
Belis Aladag: Right now. Okay.
Belis Aladag: Like it's
Belis Aladag: Okay, excellent. So that went through. And then finally, one. I'll just put in the Narcan to description and I'll also put in a plug for them to contact you about maybe connecting with a psychiatrist for the Lamictal. You know, tight ration you're doing
Annie McNulty: Yeah.
Belis Aladag: And the other questions, actual diagnoses.
Belis Aladag: You know, oftentimes, when people have substance use disorders and like in your case very early age, you were started on this Klonopin and then it went into this other stuff. So bipolar people get look bipolar because of some of the substances that are in our system, you know,
Annie McNulty: Yeah, that's good. I think it is.
Belis Aladag: So,
Annie McNulty: Yeah, I didn't like I didn't have
Annie McNulty: That was fine. Before I was just anxious that that's all you know I was pretty happy person.
Belis Aladag: So I would, you know, encourage you to question question the diagnosis, um, you know, you can say I think they'll make they'll help, which is why I'm on it. But, you know, just explore that a bit more with the psychiatrist for the
Belis Aladag: Yeah, this and really say like, I don't know. I mean, there's no history of bipolar disorder in the family.
Annie McNulty: Right.
Belis Aladag: You were using, you know, the Klonopin and then when were you diagnosed with bipolar when you're actively
Belis Aladag: In oh yeah you know you
Annie McNulty: Yeah, when I was using a lot. Yeah.
Belis Aladag: So right that's that's questionable. So to me it's like, you know, less is more. If we can get you to a point where you don't need all of these things.
Annie McNulty: Yeah, I agree. I don't want all that
Belis Aladag: Yeah, yeah. You don't need baggage, you're fine. You just need to, you know, go back in and just see that and feel that and
Belis Aladag: You know, see your own wholeness.
Belis Aladag: Right. Um, but for now. If it's helping you. Let's, let's just get you patched up and then you can figure that out as we go. Okay, so I think we covered everything
Belis Aladag: What I'll do is I have your email and I can email you some instructions to and guidance and whatever. Once I have a better I'm new to this thing too. I told me
Belis Aladag: So I'm learning as we go as well so
Belis Aladag: Okay. And yeah, it's really nice meeting you. Blessings to your sister. I hope I
Belis Aladag: Became
Belis Aladag: And thank you. Yeah. All right.
Belis Aladag: Hi. Okay, so we can hang up now.
Belis Aladag: Okay. See ya. Bye.
Belis Aladag: So I'm
Belis Aladag: Patients diagnosis will be
Belis Aladag: Put down moderate sedative use disorder in remission sustained remission.
Belis Aladag: And severe opioid use disorder and bipolar disorder.
Belis Aladag: And patient will need an appointment with a psychiatrist for further evaluation for bipolar disorder and medication management.
Belis Aladag: Thank you so much.